feat(curriculum): add set 2 for css layout and effects quiz (#59796)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-css-layout-and-effects/66ed8ff4f45ce3ece4053eb4.md

When the vertical margins of adjacent elements overlap, so they are combined into a single margin.

## --quiz--

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is TRUE about the `translate()` function?

#### --distractors--

It is used to scale the size of an element.

---

It is used to translate the text of an element.

---

It is used to change the shape or size of an element.

#### --answer--

It is used to move an element from its current position.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is a component of the CSS box model?

#### --distractors--

Width.

---

Height.

---

Size.

#### --answer--

> Padding.

Reviewer: we don't need periods here since it is just one word instead of a sentence

Author: Removed the periods.

### --question--

#### --text--

> What values are set when using the `content-box` model in CSS?

Reviewer 2: Maybe I'm misunderstanding this, but it doesn't really make sense to me. What do we mean by "what values are set"? What about rewording the question and answers to something like this:

```
When an element's `box-sizing` is set to `content-box`, which part of the box model does the `width` and `height` apply to?

content
content and padding
content, padding, and border
content, padding, border, and margin
```

Author: Reworded the question and updated options

#### --distractors--

> Border
> 
> ---
> 
> Padding
> 
> ---
> 
> Margin
> 
> #### --answer--
> 
> Height

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`border` and `height`

---

`color` and `padding`

---

`margin` and `padding`

#### --answer--

`width` and `height`
```

> Height.

Reviewer: we don't need periods here since it is just one word instead of a sentence

Author: Removed the periods.

### --question--

#### --text--

> What does the `border-box` model NOT include?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When an element's `box-sizing` is set to `border-box`, which parts of the CSS box model does the `width` and `height` NOT apply to?
```

Kind of similar here. The wording didn't sound quite right. What about this?

Author: Reworded the question

#### --distractors--

The content area.

---

Padding.

---

Border.

#### --answer--

> Margin.

Reviewer: we don't need periods here since most of the options are one word instead of a sentence

Author: Removed the periods.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which value for the `brightness()` function makes an element completely black?

#### --distractors--

`100%`

---

`0px`

---

`100px`

#### --answer--

`0%`

### --question--

#### --text--

What kind of values does the `hue-rotate()` function use?

#### --distractors--

Pixels.

---

Radians.

---

Percentages.

#### --answer--

> Degrees.

Reviewer: we don't need periods here since it is just one word instead of a sentence

Author: Removed the periods.

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the CSS property `filter: contrast(0%);` do to an element?

#### --distractors--

It will make the element appear completely white.

---

It will make the element appear completely black.

---

It will have no effect on the element.

#### --answer--

It will make the element appear completely grey.

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the minimum value for  the `brightness()` CSS function to brighten an element?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What is the minimum value for the `brightness()` CSS function to brighten an element?
```

Author: Removed extra whitespace

#### --distractors--

> 100px.
> 
> ---
> 
> 50px.
> 
> ---
> 
> 50%.
> 
> #### --answer--
> 
> 100%.

Reviewer: periods are not needed.

```suggestion
`100px`

---

`50px`

---

`50%`

#### --answer--

`100%`
```

> It will make the element appear completely black.

Reviewer: duplicate of question 5. Come up with new question here

### --question--

#### --text--

What kind of values does the `grayscale()` function use?

#### --distractors--

Pixels.

---

Degrees.

---

Radians.

#### --answer--

> Percentages.

Reviewer: we don't need periods here since it is just one word instead of a sentence

Author: Removed the periods.

### --question--

#### --text--

What kind of values does the `contrast()` function use?

#### --distractors--

Pixels

---

Degrees

---

Radians

#### --answer--

Percentages

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the purpose of the `overflow-x` property in CSS?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What does the `overflow-x` property in CSS control?
```

Author: Reworded the question

> Percentages.

Reviewer: we don't need periods here since it is just one word instead of a sentence

Author: Removed the periods.

#### --distractors--

It determines the horizontal overflow on the y-axis.

---

It determines the vertical overflow on the y-axis.

---

It determines the vertical overflow on the x-axis.

#### --answer--

It determines the horizontal overflow on the x-axis.

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the purpose of the `overflow-y` property in CSS?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What does the `overflow-y` property in CSS control?
```

Author: Reworded the question

#### --distractors--

It determines the horizontal overflow on the x-axis.

---

It determines the vertical overflow on the x-axis.

---

It determines the horizontal overflow on the y-axis.

#### --answer--

It determines the vertical overflow on the y-axis.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is an example of a third party option for a CSS reset?

#### --distractors--

clean.css

---

restore.css

---

reset.css

#### --answer--

sanitize.css

### --question--

#### --text--

How many dimensions are there to the overflow property in CSS?

#### --distractors--

> One-dimensional
> 
> ---
> 
> Three-dimensional
> 
> ---
> 
> Four-dimensional
> 
> #### --answer--
> 
> Two-dimensional

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One

---

Three

---

Four

#### --answer--

Two
```

Author: Removed "-dimensional"

> Two-dimensional.

Reviewer: we don't need periods here since it is just one word instead of a sentence

Author: Removed the periods.

### --question--

#### --text--

If the shorthand property `overflow` is given two values, which property will use the first value?

#### --distractors--

`overflow-y`

---

`overflow-w`

---

`overflow-z`

#### --answer--

`overflow-x`

### --question--

#### --text--

What kind of blur effect does the `blur()` function apply to an element in CSS?

#### --distractors--

Giliani.

---

Galilei.

---

Galileo.

#### --answer--

> Gaussian.

Reviewer: we don't need periods here since it is just one word instead of a sentence

Author: Removed the periods.

### --question--

#### --text--

What kind of values does the `sepia()` function use?

#### --distractors--

Pixels.

---

Radians.

---

Degrees.

#### --answer--

> Percentages.

Reviewer: we don't need periods here since it is just one word instead of a sentence

Author: Removed the periods.

### --question--

#### --text--

If the shorthand property `overflow` is given two values, which property will use the second value?

#### --distractors--

`overflow-w`

---

`overflow-x`

---

`overflow-z`

#### --answer--

`overflow-y`

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the purpose of the `brightness()` function in CSS?

Reviewer 2: This one might be a little too easy - and there's already two on brightness.

How about this:

```
What does a CSS reset do?

It forces browsers to use dark mode by default.
It removes inline styles from HTML elements.
It disables browser extensions that include CSS.
It removes default browser styling.
```

Author: Changed the question and updated the options.

#### --distractors--

It can only adjust the brightness of an image.

---

It adjusts the saturation of an element.

---

It adjusts the contrast of an element.

#### --answer--

It adjusts the brightness of an element.

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the CSS property `filter: grayscale(100%);` do to an element?

#### --distractors--

It will have no effect on the element.

---

It will make the element appear completely black.

---

It will make the element appear completely white.

#### --answer--

It will make the element appear completely grey.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Extra line at the end of the file.

Author: Removed extra line from eof.
